Help Cultural Survival as we provide support and resources to grassroots, Indigenous movements across the globe. Our mission is to support Indigenous Peoples’ self-determination and the advocacy of their human and Indigenous rights – the right to their lands and territories, the right to practice their cultures and speak their languages, and the right to control and sustainably manage their natural resources – so that they may determine their futures.
https://www.culturalsurvival.org/donate
A Growing Culture is a nonprofit focused on advancing a culture of farmer autonomy and agroecological innovation. They do this by 'reframing the way the world views farmers, facilitating collective learning and catalyzing innovation through farmer-to-farmer exchange, and supporting on-the-ground efforts for farmer-led research and documentation."
https://www.agrowingculture.org/
Native American Traditional Food Systems (NATIFS) is a nonprofit dedicated to "addressing the economic and health crises affecting Native communities by re-establishing Native foodways." They imagine a new North American food system that generates wealth and improves health in Native communities through food-related enterprises.
https://natifs.org/
Fashion Revolution is a global movement uniting people and brands to work together towards creating a safer, cleaner, and fairer fashion industry. Founded after the Rana Plaza collapse in 2013, Fashion Revolution believes that collaboration across the value chain (from farmers, manufacturers, dye houses, to consumer) is the best way to radically transform the industry. It works with global coordinators to host events every year for an entire week in April—around the anniversary of the Rana Plaza factory collapse—that aim to inspire consumers and brands to take a closer look at how and by whom their clothes were made.
https://www.fashionrevolution.org/donate/
Earthjustice is the United States’ largest environmental law organization, “because the earth needs a good lawyer.” Founded in the 1960s, Earthjustice attorneys have since supported various major environmental wins including the Clean Air Act and the Endangered Species Act. The organization works with activists, national politicians, international policymakers, and individuals to protect and strengthen laws for the benefit of people and a healthy planet. 
https://earthjustice.org/donate/give-today?_ga=2.218757148.485913735.1548696432-1888936374.1548434259&df_id=10960&10960.donation=form1

